a reality that is going on from
so many years and yelling you are carrying on
you
yes it is a reality that started out as
I said before by our great-grandparents and now
we are trying to carry it forward
improving the value of ours
products
doing our best
activity that she rightly said
moves with regards to
goat breeding comes from a
breeding
of dairy cows and my father who had
my father
we moved to a farm
of dairy goats trying to take advantage
a reality that is
as they say goat cheese is
much lighter and much more digestible
to less problems on diseases
so we tried to push
this is also because other companies are there
full there are so many farms that
produce the cow cheese
goat cheese was a reality that
could in my opinion can can go on
and then to expand still a lot
what does it mean for an activity like
this is more than a
attempt because the family is a reality
already working in the sector for years to give a
a little more structured sense
agricultural activity what before that
was a bit decaying and washes the roses yes
it was a bit turning off it's a reality
important because who can come to
visit it and ii invite you to see it
a real activity linked more than anything else
so little marketing people
large and therefore more proper to the market
of the door to door and of the customer
occasional is an attempt to return
to agriculture in a real way a little bit
more structured than adequate respect
clearly to what ours were
grandparents and I believe it was a is a plus that
an attempt the true desire to give a
a little more concrete sense to many
words that is to say in the end be in return
to the earth and agricultural activities and since then
really makes sense at work
maybe I commission you something
concrete and brings us back perhaps less to
words more coffee facts she has
the sector is well specified
agriculture is a sector that is
however perhaps it is the only one growing for
as for Bergamo, it is not
I say I say the regional data is there
a good recovery
and occupational and production interiors e
then there is also taken from the point of
view of quality therefore improvement
that qualitative type and also
quantitative this is a step
important in regards to
mountain farming that anyway
has great difficulties with regards to
the management of the land itself
pastures and so on
we believe that initiatives nevertheless
how these increasingly value the
territories should therefore be supported
an agriculture miniseries of mountain but
which however is a stone's throw from the city
it is easily accessible because ce
it is a stone's throw from Bergamo and then it is not
not so high from the point of view
height point a farm that
sees the goat more and more
Main character
yes we must still diversify and
clear that at a time when there is a
strong propensity to consume products
from obvious goat that diversify and
then go towards the goat sector
it can still be a big bet
winning for the future
in his speech he made a tremendous amount
comparison you come from milan as I think
and when he arrived here in the valley he has
compared the red valley to a small one
switzerland dress boldone tower though
milan work
it is true because arriving in a valley of
mountain to find accommodation
road access to the optimal company
which will also allow access to
car charges come to pick up
we invest the hay milk a stable in
lamellar wood meadows italy woods
I say clean but we are in a bar of
rose in switzerland because unfortunately us
we are used to having this reality
here with us that there was one for
week of this actually because it is
really is the best choice for the
revival started from the primary of the
nature of the things we had close to
just underlined a very fact
important is a bit of inaugurations that
she's not here today
practically the spectators are not the
men but they are animals
I must say that between the cuts and clippings that
we undergo and what we must do could do
make a sad statement today
cut the ribbon of an initiative that
definitely highlights and love
and the attachment to the earth believe
still that brought agricultural activities
forward for 50 years and beyond from
family and raise all to have faith
in the territory faith in what you do
above all to give a future to an activity
agriculture that for years has really
materially fed the valley and that
he had also allowed to live
with dignity
I hope this business can
of course continue successfully and
that others follow an example because
this means respecting loving the
nature
naturally grow and develop
an agricultural activity that is one of the
important voices for our economy